Get-MsmqQueue doesn't work for remote queues, incorrect usage of -Recoverable (#1887)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-powershell-docs: docset/winserver2012-ps/msmq/Send-MsmqQueue.md

## EXAMPLES

> ### Example 1: Send a test message to a discovered local queue

Reviewer: Hello @ramonsmits Ramon, thanks for your contribution.
Is it absolutely necessary the use of the word _discovered_? Can we just say _to a local queue_?

Author: Well, its that the original sample uses `Get-MsmqQueue -Name "order_queue"` as there is actually no need to use this which is why I used the word discovered but I'm fine with only using local.
```suggestion
### Example 1: Send a test message to a local queue
```

```
PS C:\>Get-MsmqQueue -Name "order_queue" | Send-MsmqQueue -Recoverable -Label "From Windows PowerShell"
```

> This command sends a non-transactional recoverable (durable) test message to the local queue named "order_queue" with a label named "From Windows PowerShell".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command sends a non-transactional recoverable (guaranteed to be delivered) test message to the local queue named "order_queue" with a label named "From Windows PowerShell".
```

Author: ```suggestion
This command sends a non-transactional recoverable (guaranteed delivery) test message to the local queue named "order_queue" with a label named "From Windows PowerShell".
```
